fixedcost(irec, Edisp, fixedinvesth, fixedinvestD)
irec = index of selected record
Edisp  = This variable is calculated in costifissi. It is the total amount of heat transfer of case - (internal heat source + solar radiation)
fixedinvesth = total amount of investment money that needed for heating system
fixedinvestD = total amount of investment money that needed for DHW system

Function starts with taking data from parMat and etc.
Then they calculate a DHW_Vol value and hard code a variable named Mh2o. Mh2o is a pressure unit and used at plumbing.
After that function calculates UisolW_, Uisolr_ and Uisolf_ These 3 values are ratio of envelope conductiviy divided by thicknes for walls, roof and floor of case

Function keeps going with calculating Pgen_, Pgen, PgenHP_, PgenHP and Ssun. These are some deep calculated values and depends on Edisp heavily.
Next, PgenDHW, EDHW and SsunDHW are calculated. M2ho and a hard coded global constant cpWater is used.
After that function calculates some values like Vol_(volume of one building) Stot_(Total surface area of one building) Slat_(Lateral area of one building) Swin_(Total window area of one building)

WARNING!!! They assign Sfloor_ to both Sr_ and Sf_ even they comment Sroof near Sr_. It is also weird that they assign same value to 2 different variables
They also assign Slat_ to Sw_

Function takes all values from parMATFIX and put them into unitarycosts array

Function compares current and planned heating-burner type options and if there is a change, they calculate its cost
Next, they check current and planned heating emmision and if there is a change, they calculate its cost

AFter that, they check if current solar perc value is entered by user, if not they assign 0 to it.
Then they check if there will be solar heating in planned building. If there is, they calculate its cost using current and planned solar perc

Next they cehck if there is a change on DHW system and make calculations similar to heating part. 
After this, they check ,if planned building will use solar system for DHW and calculate its value as well

Next thing is checking for changes at insulation for walls, roof and floor and calculating their costs

Function checks if there is a change on thermal transmittance of windows and ratio of windows to surface. Since surface are is fixed, this means a new window added or current windows changed.
They calculate window cost if there is a change

Next, they seperate the costs of heating and DHW and assigning them into fixedinvesth and fixedinvestD

Last part is writing values into myReport